fix #144: indicate the change of license (#147)
Strumenta/antlr-kotlin: README.md

## Kotlin Target

> The Kotlin target is a plugin for the ANTLR generator.

Reviewer: I think the formatter got rid of the double whitespace automatically.

Author: I am not sure if you think it should be re-added

Reviewer: @ftomassetti I'd add the removed double spaces back (there are two edits for this case). Just for better formatting in the rendered markdown.

Author: IDEA seems to remove those spaces on save, making it very inconvenient to keep them. I would instead add an empty line between this sentence and the next one.

Reviewer: @ftomassetti it's ok. But FYI, it's caused by the EditorConfig settings. There is trim trailing ws option that is on save (and then you go to commit).

What I do usually is set that option to false, commit the whitespaces, and set it back to true.

Author: I think we can consider that in a separate issue, but for now I will merge this (squashing the commit), merge this and then reviewed the pending PRs

- Patrick Del Conte [@exaV](https://github.com/exaV)

[1]: https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.strumenta.antlr-kotlin

## License

> Users of this project can choose which license to apply: either the Apache License 2 or the BSD 3-Clause License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consumers of this project may choose the most appropriate license: either the Apache License 2.0, or the 3-Clause BSD License.
```

> The licenses are alternatively.

Reviewer: Don't think this is needed, as the above sentence already states a consumer have the choice.

Author: Removing it
